hey what's up everybody sports well
three here coming at you with a real
quick review another Burger King toy
Optimus Prime transformers figure I
didn't have and I picked this guy up for
a couple bucks and figured I'd share
them with you this was from the first
movie 2007 movie Transformers let's go
ahead and rip them out of here and see
what this guy is all about okay there's
egg
there's the instructions have a look at
these really quick okay let's see some
promo stuff in here Hasbro stuff $5 so
Alec it's all invalid because it's 5
years old but there's the instruction
just snap Bart the truck open it up
there's a little thing inside shoots
around and then of course here's some of
the other ones
bumblebee blackout I've reviewed some of
these already just didn't have this
Prime I didn't know that so I hopped out
there and picked them up off eBay get
this thing off of here yeah I was like a
dollar ninety-nine or whatever okay so
none of the wheels here move
nice solid blocky looking things of
course you know fast food toy it's not
going to be the greatest quality but
kind of stinks that's not staying
together you would think that okay
well nonetheless it's got a place cool
type feel to it kind of looks like play
it's kind of bland but you know that's
to be expected with these kind of toys
will kind of powdery dust in there let's
see if we can get this apart here
there's the inside there let's see if it
will move it's got the pullback feature
let's see
oh sweet oh I gotcha so that's what it
does basically plug this in here then
piece these together BAM okay then got
it okay so basically what you do is you
plug these together here with the little
little pullback thing in there pull it
back and then it shoots forward breaks
open and optimists come shooting out and
this is what comes out of there
a miniature optimist which kind of looks
weird but I get it
so that looks awfully awfully weird but
there you go
2007 movie first movie
Burger King Optimus Prime with the pull
back feature
yeah real gimmicky not the greatest
fast-food toy ever but still in its own
right kind of cool perfect for the
little kiddies so there you have it
awesome thanks for stopping by and
checking it out guys take it easy
everyone hey guys
head on over to collectors - where you
can buy sell and trade with other
collectors for your favorite action
figures you can manage your collection
there as well have a look at my
collection by clicking the link below
you sports wolf 3 is your promo code to
upgrade and get $5 off see you there